README.md, before:

# Image Share
> Checkout my cool gallery

#### This is my personal gallery website where you can see photos that i have uploaded.
![Live preview](http://i.imgur.com/bchrE9h.png)

## As users you can :
* View different photos that interest me.
* Click on a single photo to expand it and view the details of the photo.
* View different categories of photos.
* Copy a link to the photo to share with my friends.
* View photos based on the location they were taken.

## Development setup

To access the Code behind this site, you will need to:

1. Clone this repo:
  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/reivhax/imageshare
  ```
2. Move to the folder and install requirements
  ```bash
  cd imageshare
  pip install -r requirements.txt
  ```
3. Create database on psql shell
  ```SQL
  psql
  CREATE DATABASE imageshare;
  ```
4. Run the application
  ```bash
  python manage.py server
  ```

  ## Licensing
  ###### This Project is under the MIT License 2018
  ###### See more about this in the [License.md](https://github.com/reivhax/imageshare/blob/master/LICENSE.md) File

Commit message:

Include support info and technologies used in Readme

README.md, after:

# Image Share
> Checkout my cool gallery

#### This is my personal gallery website where you can see photos that i have uploaded.
![Live preview](http://i.imgur.com/bchrE9h.png)

## As users you can :
* View different photos that interest me.
* Click on a single photo to expand it and view the details of the photo.
* View different categories of photos.
* Copy a link to the photo to share with my friends.
* View photos based on the location they were taken.

## Usage example

1. Open the website and browse the images.
2. If you see an image that interests you you can click on it to view it in am modal

For more examples and usage, please refer to the Wiki.


## Development setup

To access the Code behind this site, you will need to:

1. Clone this repo:
  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/reivhax/imageshare
  ```
2. Move to the folder and install requirements
  ```bash
  cd imageshare
  pip install -r requirements.txt
  ```
3. Create database on psql shell
  ```SQL
  psql
  CREATE DATABASE imageshare;
  ```
4. Migrate the database and run the application
  ```bash
  python manage.py migrate
  python manage.py runserver
  ```

## Technologies Used
* python3
* Django
* Jinja
* HTML
* Bootstrap
* css

## Known Bugs.
* There are currently no known bugs. If you experience any feel free to open an issue
or contact me personally.

### Support and contact details
If you have any queries regarding the my site,
Please feel free to contact on [gmail](mailto://xavierkibet@gmail.com) and we will be happy to look into your query

## Licensing
###### This Project is under the MIT License 2018
###### See more about this in the [License.md](https://github.com/reivhax/imageshare/blob/master/LICENSE.md) File
